Update documentation to arkd v0.4 and improve docs (#26)
ark-network/arkdev.info: docs/user/cli.md

## What is the Ark Wallet CLI?

The Ark Wallet CLI (Command Line Interface) is a powerful tool that allows users to interact with the Ark protocol directly from their terminal. It provides a streamlined way to manage your Ark wallet, conduct transactions, and interact with Ark Servers without the need for a graphical interface.

## Key Features and Roadmap

The following roadmap outlines the key features of the Ark Wallet CLI. As development progresses, more features may be added or existing ones enhanced:

- [x] **Wallet Creation and Management**: Create new wallets or restore existing ones with a private key.

> - [x] **Server Connection**: Connect to Ark Service Providers for off-chain transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] **Server Connection**: Connect to Ark Servers for off-chain transactions.
```
